api: mention experiments in rev description (#3594)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/api-reference/get_url.md

  walking up from the current working directory tree).

- `rev` - Git commit (any [revision](https://git-scm.com/docs/revisions) such as

>   a branch or tag name, a commit hash or an
>   [experiment](/doc/command-reference/exp) name). If `repo` is not a Git repo,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a branch or tag name, commit hash, or
  [experiment name](https://dvc.org/doc/user-guide/experiment-management/experiments-overview#how-does-dvc-track-experiments)).
  If `repo` is not a Git repo,
```

Alternatively, link to https://dvc.org/doc/command-reference/exp/run#-n instead.

Reviewer: Updated in https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/3613. PTAL when you can guys. Thanks
